Add notes on the new logger info device for fronius (#18978)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fronius.markdown

Each sensor type chosen as monitored condition adds a set of sensors to Home Assistant.

- `logger_info`

>     General information about the fronius logger, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    General information about the Fronius Datalogger. Not available on "Gen24" devices.
```
